hey guys is chichi tall and you remember
this wig this wig is from RPGSHOW well I
wanted to try something different and it
is now a bob I cut it into a bob and oh
my god is super short but this is me
styling the wig and everything so if you
guys are interested in seeing how i turn
my wig let's get started here's the
things that you're going to need you're
going to need a pair of scissors and I
mean hair scissors Cara hair stick wax
chi silk infusion this is for like he
protected shears or thinning comb and
also you're going to need a comb okay so
let's get started okay so first I've
already tied up my hair I put rolled up
the sides near my ear rolled up the
other side near my ear and what I did
was I put a ponytail behind my head so
you guys who are visual learners you can
see how I put it next you want to go
ahead and take your scissors and just
start hacking away look how sad I am oh
my god so much hair Oh anyway just go
back to the scissoring away and trust me
this video is sped up because I didn't
want it to be stupid super long but
you're gonna be doing a lot of cutting
and you might even get some muscle
because your arms are probably gonna be
hurting by the time you're done doing
all this cutting and stuff so what I did
was um I'm just checking to see how it
looks and it got cut the way I wanted so
you're gonna see me going back and forth
with the mirror and then next we're
gonna go ahead and flat iron the hair
and this is just my regular flour you
guys know I love my Remington I swear by
this flat irons like the best for me so
every now and again check it just to
make sure your hair still looks fine and
I could have rocked my hair like that
but I really wanted to go shorter for
the season and probably for the new year
and um yeah so now go ahead and take
that thinning comb and you want to
continue to hack off the hair because
what you want to do is you want to I'm
trying to create like a layered effect
on the top or at least somewhat layered
because um I want it to be like
in the back and longer towards the front
so back and forth back and forth you're
gonna keep going and trying to make the
hair layered and again you will see me
check it and periodically using mirror
and it's much harder if you don't have
somebody doing it but yeah you get the
idea
you
zation that my hair is so freaking short
oh my god okay so here's the fun part so
you want to take down the two front
parts that you have time in the
beginning and you want to use that God
of the hair that you cut and then just
razor it forward so you're creating a
more of a layered um kind of look just
use that guide from the hair that's by
your ear and just make sure its kind of
even and I like to work on both sides
because it's easier and you get to see
how much hair you need to chop off or
whatever and my arm start getting tired
so I started using my shares but you can
use your scissors and go back and forth
but I'm just going ahead and hacking
away and hacking away and hacking away
and yeah just continue to do the same
process over and over
you
Here I am just continue to play with it
and I want to still have a lot of body
at the top because I'm going to make it
kind of like a side part Bob so I'm
gonna head and checking and I probably
will hack off more like I'm doing now
because this I mean if you want the Bob
that you want you probably were going to
be doing a lot of chopping of the hair
especially depends on what kind of
looking like well I'm going for like a
fuller look on one side than the other
so that's why I chopped off a lot of my
hair but yeah just go back and forth
checking with the mirror and then I I
think I'm at the point now I like it so
i just took my Remington curling wand
and I just did some simple curls and I'm
going to continue to curl my hair so I
didn't want to let you guys forget I did
put Chi in there cuz this hair is like a
remy texture so I didn't want it to be
like super super thin but yeah I know
the top kind of looks bulky but i like
it folder that way just because it gives
it more body and i'm still not used to
having short hair i haven't had a short
wig and like a really really long time
so yeah at some point my camera stopped
and I thought it was still recorded by
anyway here are the pictures i hope you
guys really enjoyed a short quick
tutorial i'm probably gonna make the bob
shorter but if you guys do have any
questions or comments just leave them
down below and don't forget to follow me
on instagram the link will be down below
and here in a bit